binds/hardtime-nvim: init (#866)
NotAShelf/nvf: docs/release-notes/rl-0.8.md

[poz](https://poz.pet):

- Fix gitsigns null-ls issue.

[Haskex](https://github.com/haskex):

> - Add Plugin [Hardtime.nvim](https://github.com/m4xshen/hardtime.nvim).
> - Add option `vim.binds.hardtime-nvim` with `enable` and `setupOpts` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add [Hardtime.nvim] under `vim.binds.hardtime-nvim` for those wishing to learn Vim binds the hard way.
```

You will also need to define `[Hardtime.nvim]` above as a reference, there are other examples of this in the document.

Author: Uh?

You can explain again? Sorry 😅

Author: Oh, ok, I'm changing

Author: Now, it's right?

Reviewer: Yes, it's correct now.
